Provide some guidance on the CHANGELOG update process (#1880)
spiffe/spire: MAINTAINERS.md

This section summarizes the steps necessary to execute a SPIRE release. Unless explicitly stated, the below steps must be executed in order.

The following steps must be completed one week prior to release:
* Ensure all changes intended to be included in the release are fully merged.
* Identify a specific commit as the release candidate.

> * Create a draft pull request with the updates to the CHANGELOG following [these guidelines](doc/changelog_guidelines.md). This allows to have publicly available the changes that will be included in the upcoming release with some anticipation, providing the oportunity to receive feedback. The release date can be set as "TBD" while it is a draft.

Reviewer: Draft PR against what branch?

Author: Against `master` branch.

> * Create a draft pull request with the updates to the CHANGELOG following [these guidelines](doc/changelog_guidelines.md). This allows to have publicly available the changes that will be included in the upcoming release with some anticipation, providing the oportunity to receive feedback. The release date can be set as "TBD" while it is a draft.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Create a draft pull request with the updates to the CHANGELOG following [these guidelines](doc/changelog_guidelines.md). This allows those tracking the project to have early visibility into what will be included in the upcoming release and an opportunity to provide feedback. The release date can be set as "TBD" while it is a draft.
```

* Raise an issue "Release SPIRE X.Y.Z", and include the release candidate commit hash. Reference the pull request with the updates to the CHANGELOG.
* If the current state of the master branch has diverged from the candidate commit due to other changes than the ones from the CHANGELOG:
  * If there is not a version branch for this release, create a branch following the guidelines described in [Version branches](#version-branches).
  * Create a GitHub project named `Release vX.X.X` to identify the PRs that will be cherry-picked. The project should have two statuses to track the progress: one to identify the PRs to be cherry-picked and one for those that have been merged in the version branch.
  * Make sure that the [version in the branch](pkg/common/version/version.go) has been bumped to the version that is being released.

>   * Cherry-pick into the version branch the commits for all the changes that must be included in the release, including the updates in the CHANGELOG and update the corresponding status in the project.

Reviewer: At this point in time, the CHANGELOG updates have not been merged. It also has the `TBD` date still.

Author: This is a good point. The updates in the CHANGELOG cannot be cherry-picked since they have not been merged at this point. This should be part of the steps that are done later, as part of marking the PR "Ready for review" and merging it. I think it's worth trying to fix it now. I'll try.

  * If anything unusual is encountered during this process, a comment MUST be left on the release issue describing what was observed.

The following steps must be completed to perform a release:
* Mark the pull request to update the CHANGELOG as "Ready for review". Make sure that it is updated with the final release date. **At least two approvals from maintainers are required in order to be able to merge it.**
* If the current state of the master branch has diverged from the candidate commit due to just the CHANGELOG changes, the candidate commit is now the one that includes the updated CHANGELOG and the release can be done from master branch.

> * If the current state of the master branch has diverged from the candidate commit due to other changes than the ones from the CHANGELOG:

Reviewer 2: Do we need to step in here anywhere to backport the CHANGELOG into master?

Author: My thinking was to have the CHANGELOG PR against master branch, merged in master and cherry-picked into the version branch. In the step:
>Cherry-pick into the version branch the commits for all the changes that must be included in the release, including the updates in the CHANGELOG and update the corresponding status in the project.

I tried to remind cherry-picking the updated CHANGELOG in the version branch saying "including the updates in the CHANGELOG".

Makes sense?

  * If there is not a version branch for this release, create a branch following the guidelines described in [Version branches](#version-branches).

>   * Create a GitHub project named `Release vX.X.X` to identify the PRs that will be cherry-picked. The project should have two statuses to track the progress: one to idenify the PRs to be cherry-picked and one for those that have been merged in the version branch.

Reviewer 3: nit: spelling of "identify"

>   * Create a GitHub project named `Release vX.X.X` to identify the PRs that will be cherry-picked. The project should have two statuses to track the progress: one to idenify the PRs to be cherry-picked and one for those that have been merged in the version branch.

Reviewer 3: nit: spelling of "identify"

>   * Make sure that the version in the branch has been bumped to the version that is being released.

Reviewer 3: It's not clear to me what version needs to be updated here. A code version? If so, can you reference the specific files where the version is updated?

Author: It's `pkg/common/version/version.go`. I'll link to that.

>   * Cherry-pick into the version branch the commits for all the changes that must be included in the release, including the updates in the CHANGELOG and update the corresponding status in the project.

Reviewer: I feel this step, and the three preceding it, should come as "completed one week prior" steps? That way, we can have predictable release candidate hash well in advance... the project board would generally be more useful, and we'll know how the cherry-picking process went before release time

Author: Sounds good!

This section summarizes the steps necessary to execute a SPIRE release. Unless explicitly stated, the below steps must be executed in order.

The following steps must be completed one week prior to release:
* Ensure all changes intended to be included in the release are fully merged.
* Identify a specific commit as the release candidate.
* Create a draft pull request with the updates to the CHANGELOG. This allows to have publicly available the changes that will be included in the upcoming release with some anticipation, providing the oportunity to receive feedback. The release date can be set as "TBD".

>   * The CHANGELOG distinguishes two types of changes: "What's New" and "What's Changed". As a general rule, the entries should be focused on exposing user-facing changes, considering that the main consumers of the CHANGELOG are the end users of SPIRE.

Reviewer 4: what do you think about moving towards a model like this? https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/#how

```
Types of changes
 - Added: for new features.
 - Changed: for changes in existing functionality.
 - Deprecated: for soon-to-be removed features.
 - Removed: for now removed features.
 - Fixed: for any bug fixes.
 - Security: in case of vulnerabilities.
```

this way, we're clear to users about when things get deprecated and removed, so they know what needs to be updated

Author: I really like that!
